[yelling]
BEAST warrior PUMA:
Sparrow!
SPARROW: I have
journeyed through time
and space to fight the forces
of evil, and restore
justice to the galaxy!
I am the Sparrow!
Galaxy QUEEN:
How?
Furious Max sealed you away
in a dimensional prison!
[Snoring]
-I escaped!
Well, things have changed
since you were sealed away!
Furious Max NOW rules over
the entire galaxy!
His reign is about to
come to an end!
Go mega-Punch surprise!
it Can't be... the galaxy
queen's True identity
is none other than...
you fool. Nobody can stop
the dark emperor's curse!
Now you're my
puppet.
Just like your
precious Puma.
[laughing]
YUMA:
Knock it off!
Man, her laugh
is frightening.
[snoring]
ASTRAL:
You need to wake up.
No I don't.
Did you know that there's a boy
called the Sparrow,
and that he's from a different
world, just like me?
Yeah, he's from the planet
vortexia or something.
Where is that?
Leave me alone, I'm
trying to sleep.
Yuma, please. I
need to know more.
Fine, I'll
turn it on.
Announcer: Tune in tomorrow
to watch the Sparrow's
destiny continue to unfold.
Wooohoo!
I thought that class
would never end!
Crunchy ice-Cream taco,
here I come!
We need to return to your
house immediately.
Why is that?
I have to "tune in to watch
the Sparrow's destiny
continue to unfold."
Huh?
If the Sparrow really arrived
here through a dimensional
vortex, then there's a chance
that he might know something
about me and my
missing memories.
You don't understand what
tv is, do you?
In the real world, there
isn't any Sparrow!
TORI: Hey yuma,
did you hear?
Hear what?
The Sparrow is
down by the seaport!
He is where?
They built a set or a studio or
something, down on south street!
BRONK: Let's jam down
there and take a look!
That Sparrow could Save
my day any day!
He is so super
and dreamy!
We cannot squander this
opportunity, yuma.
I think I'm just gonna go work
on some dueling techniques...
you're coming with us.
Let me go,
leave me outta this.
Oh come on,
I don't want to go!
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
[cheering]
I love you, Sparrow!
Are we the
only guys here?
I wish we could get
in there to see him...
FLIP: If you wanna get in,
just follow me.
It's possible to stroll right
past these stage door guys.
I saw this on a reality show
about celebrity fan clubs.
The secret is to act like an
industry big shot.
Hey, how you doin', Mac!
Just swung by ninjablue to grab
some Sushi, good stuff!
Man, the paparazzi in this
town never give up,
I had to hide
out in a...
GUARD: Where do you
think you're going?
My publicist is gonna have a
field day with this, pal!
This is our chance.
Don't you know who I am?
Whoa, it's so cool.
He probably walked
down this hallway,
right where I'm walking.
I'm never taking
these Shoes off ever!
You lowly minions think
you can defeat me?
Think again!
Ya' hear that?
That's his voice!
Take that.
And that!
[Whipping]
whoa... it's him!
He's a little Shorter
than I thought he'd be.
Dark emperor furious Max, your
reign of terror is about to end!
The dark emperor
furious Max. Is that who I
was sent here to battle?
Yuma, look behind you!
One of the emperor's minions is
about to grab you.
Huh? This is
just a costume.
Costume?
Hey, bronk, take a picture
of me with this.
[screaming]
TOGETHER: Yuma, no!
What's this?
Why did you not tell me you
could fly?
Get me off this thing!
Make it stop!
Bronk, Tori do something!
Make it stop, turn it off,
get me down from here!
[Screaming]
you kids are trespassing
on a closed set!
We're going to the security
room and calling your parents.
Not you,
you're coming with me.
Uh, wait, uh where are
you taking me?
Is this yours? Because
I know it isn't mine.
Nah, mine's right
here in my bag.
Whoa!
It's missing!
I musta dropped it while
I was flyin' around!
The heart and
soul of a duelist?
And you just drop it?
Unbelievable.
Anyway,
thanks for my deck.
No need to thank me.
Though I do have a
small request.
What is it?
I would like to challenge
you to a lavish duel!
Oh awesome, you
like to duel?
When I'm not saving
the universe, yes.
Whaddya say we
duel right now?
You mean it?
[Clears throat]
I meant to say...
are you sure?
Yeah!
The name's yuma,
by the way.
It's really cool
to meet you.
We have more important
matters to address.
Find out what he knows
about me and why I'm here.
He doesn't know anything about
you, or where you come from!
He might.
No he won't,
trust me, he's...
[screaming and whimpering]
what's wrong?
That little spider?
I can't even...
I can't look!
I can't...
[whimpering]
are you joking?
Do I look like I'm
joking? Just please,
do something about
that thing. Get rid of it.
Uh, where's yuma?
It's gone now.
That, was terrifying.
Thanks for helping.
[laughing]
you're supposed to be this
awesome intergalactic hero
and you're afraid of
a little spider?
I'm not a hero.
I'm just an average
middle-School
kid from the 'burbs.
I like video games and comic
books, and pizza,
I'm not some monster-Busting
freedom fighter.
I mean, I can't even talk to
girls without getting nervous.
But it's all about keeping the
fans interested 24/7 so,
I had to keep up the
act at all times.
And let's be honest,
it's not like anyone
wants to know
the real me.
That's kind of
a bummer.
I think lots of people would
like to know the real you.
You think so?
Thank you!
You're like the first person
who's ever said that to me.
Okay, um hang on,
I'm gonna try this out...
it is nice to meet you,
my name is Nelson.
What is a "Nelson?"
that wasn't too
hard, right?
Hey, what do you say
we get to know each
other more with a duel?
Sparrow's mom:
There you are!
Who's this boy,
Nelson?
Mom! Uhhh...
that's your mom?
You're not to speak to anyone
except for authorized personnel!
It's her... the galaxy queen.
I know that mom,
but uh...
but nothing!
If people found out what kind of
a kid you really are, the
illusion of the Sparrow
would be shattered!
and it's not just about you.
Think about how many people
depend on you being the Sparrow.
You're part of something much
bigger than yourself, Nelson.
You need to remember that.
I'm going to have
to ask you to leave.
Huh? Well We, uh...
if you tell anyone
that you met Nelson,
I will make sure you never duel
in this town again!
Come on lady, let go of me!
Shoo! On your way.
I'm not gonna say anything!
Not cool.
I'm sorry, yuma!
Nelson! We're gonna
have that duel someday!
But first,
you have to stop letting
everyone tell you who to be.
I can't.
The Sparrow is more
important than I am.
Nelson Andrews
doesn't matter.
Nelson!
I never knew being a
tv star was so hard.
I am not following this.
Why was the Sparrow calling
himself a Nelson?
There's no such thing
as the Sparrow.
I told you he's made-up.
Huh?
Somebody somewhere
just thought him up.
That's how tv works astral,
it's all just pretend.
You mean, that someone was
attempting to trick me?
No one was trying to trick you,
it's just entertainment.
So then... he doesn't
know anything...
I've been saying that, but you
haven't been listening.
I see now.
Hold on?
What's wrong?
What's with
the sad face?
You kinda look like
you're feeling
bummed out all of a sudden.
What is
"Feeling Bummed out?"
bummed out is when you
go to the Candy shop
and they're all out of your
favorite chocolate bar.
I understand. So Nelson is
bummed out too.
Huh?
Did you not hear the
last thing he said?
"Nelson Andrews
doesn't matter."
What's that?
It's a card.
Number: Yes, Nelson.
Let the number take hold.
[groaning]
Man A: Oh, hey man.
Nice cape.
Disregarding this city's
littering laws? I know you.
You're one of the dark
emperor's minions, aren't you?
Eh...
the what?
C'mon!
Time for me to
take out the trash.
Aaahh!
[Meowing]
Man B: Hey you,
get outta the road!
Only a follower of
the dark emperor
furious Max would try to
harm an innocent creature.
It's too bad you don't
have nine lives!
[Whipping sounds]
[people screaming]
Female ANNOUNCER: Multiple
eyewitnesses report
that the assailant was none
other than the Sparrow, the hero
of the popular tv series.
We go now to a press
conference being held
by the show's producers.
Our Sparrow would
never do such things.
He stands for honor,
truth, and justice.
This is awful.
Someone's trying to
make the Sparrow look bad.
What are we doing
out here, Tori?
We're out here to prove
the Sparrow's innocence.
Tying random people up
and flipping over cars?
The Sparrow would never
do stuff like that.
Yeah, you're right
about that.
He'd be
way too afraid.
Way too what?
Way too...
too awesome.
Man D: Help!
That way!
Let's go!
Are you okay, sir?
Some Odd ball wearing a cape
came outta nowhere.
Over there!
Hey you, stop!
Hold it right there!
It is you!
Yuma, just stay away from me.
Where is he?
I dunno...
he got away from us.
That was definitely Nelson
behind that Mask.
Why is he doing all this?
It just doesn't seem like the
kid I met the other day.
The answer is out there.
Find it.
And how do I do that?
I'm all ears.
You made a promise to
Nelson when you met.
You should fulfill
that promise.
Huh?
You told Nelson that
you would duel him.
That's exactly what
you should do.
A duel can bring out
someone's inner strength,
no matter how
deeply it is buried.
"Nelson Andrews
doesn't matter."
Yeah, let's do this.
Aaaaand... action!
Nelson, why are you going
around and attacking people?
What are you doing here?
I thought I told
you to stay away.
What are you doing running
around dressing up
and acting up
like the Sparrow?
I have to fulfill my
duty to the galaxy queen.
Your mom?
I swore to defeat
the dark emperor
furious Max and
his minions.
Nelson...
why do you keep
calling me by that name?
For I am known in every corner
of the universe as the Sparrow!
Now, as for you,
why have you come here?
Has the dark emperor
managed to sink his claws
into you, as well?
"Think about how many
people depend
on you being the Sparrow."
Oh, man, you're really letting
all this get to you.
What is going on?
All what?
Nelson has started thinking
that he's actually the Sparrow.
What?
So you are saying, he's
stuck in the fantasy
tv world of make-Believe
and pretend?
Well Yeah, listen to him!
He must've snapped under
all the pressure or something.
The world is waiting for me to
deliver justice far and wide!
Snap out of it, Nelson!
Yuma, I didn't want
it to come to this.
Alas, if you're with
the dark Emperor,
then I have no choice
but to battle you!
Alright.
Bring it on!
You want a battle?
I challenge
you to a duel!
I accept your challenge.
Duel disk go!
Duel gazer,
let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Get set to get decked!
You want a piece of me?
Well, I'm gonna serve
you the whole pie!
TOGETHER:
Let's duel!
You're going to lose yuma!
Do you see?
He's got a number
card, right?
It must be amplifying
the pressure that
he feels to be
the Sparrow.
So once again, it's your fault
that trouble is popping up.
Right, let's do this!
I draw!
I summon beast warrior Puma!
[Roaring]
I have seen him
in action.
Not only is he
incredibly acrobatic,
he is a rather
gifted swordsman.
I end my turn by
playing one card facedown.
Puma, meet yuma!
I draw!
I summon gogogo golem!
I suppose you're going
to send that
lumbering brute
in to attack Puma.
You took the words
right outta my mouth!
Gogogo gust!
I can't believe it!
You walked right into my trap!
Since I have three copies of
triple star trion in my hand,
I can activate trion Barrier,
and force your golem into
defense mode!
And then, I can summon my three
triple star trions to the field.
Three cards at once?
I play one card facedown!
That's it!
then it's my turn!
I draw!
First, I'm releasing
two of my trions,
so that I can
tribute summon!
Esper Star Sparrow is
ready to crash this party!
Astral, what's
tribute summoning?
To summon high-Level
powerful monsters,
you must tribute
other monsters.
Nelson had to
tribute 2 monsters
in order to summon his
epser star Sparrow.
And now, I'll activate my
trion's special ability!
Which means, I can restack my
field by bringing back
the other two trions that
are in my graveyard.
Go lavish return!
Welcome back you two!
Next, I'm activating space
ration from my hand!
I can activate this
card's power because
esper star Sparrow
is on my field.
Thanks to its effect, I can
draw two cards from my deck!
And with that done, I overlay
my three level 1 trions!
With These three monsters, I
build the overlay network!
I xyz summon!
Kneel Before number 83,
galaxy queen!
You just summoned
your mom.
The galaxy queen...
huh?
She was revered as a good and
noble Leader, but then...
I equip the galaxy queen
with furious Max's curse!
While under this
spell's influence,
the galaxy queen can't be
destroyed in any situation!
And now I use one overlay
unit to activate the
galaxy queen's
special ability!
The galaxy queen can grant every
monster on my field immortality
until my next turn, and allow
them to deal damage even if your
monster is in defense mode!
Galaxy QUEEN: Come!
Follow me and gain
the ultimate power!
So This is all kinds bad
news for me, isn't it?
Correct.
If gogogo golem is attacked,
I am afraid
it will not be very pleasant.
Your life points will
be damaged.
Beast warrior Puma,
attack!
Go Dark slash!
Since Gogogo golem is
in defense mode,
it can avoid being destroyed
in a battle once a turn!
Perhaps So, but your
life points still take damage!
And now, to finish
what Puma started,
go star Sparrow, attack!
Hope You enjoy his
mega-Punch surprise!
[Screaming]
don't you see?
You can't win!
I am the Sparrow!
I have journeyed through
time and space to fight
the forces of evil and
restore justice to the galaxy!
Well you know what? I've
journeyed from my bedroom
to restore you to
your True self.
And I'm not about
to back down!